jms/governance-init (#2)
How-To-Build-a-Commons/Scope-Sequencing: README.md

# How To Build a Commons

> This organization exists to teach a class in the present and document the process for the future.

Reviewer: The scope of "the present" is ambiguous. It might makes sense to figure out time or content bounds for the first run of the class.

Reviewer: This organization = "How to Build a Commons Steering Committee"?

Author: The PR https://github.com/How-To-Build-a-Commons/Scope-Sequencing/pull/3 seeks to address the present class, and the https://github.com/How-To-Build-a-Commons/Scope-Sequencing/blob/main/ScopeSequencing.tex file is the documentation of the process for the future.

> We recognize the existence of a Common Pool Resource bequeathed to us all by our students - their valuable time and attention and trust.

Reviewer: So as teachers/curriculum developers of a class, the How to Build a Commons Steering Committee members are appropriators of a CPR that is composed of student engagement with the class. The Steering Committee would also be the decision makers about how that CPR is managed. Am I thinking about that correctly? If so, how should we think about the relationship of the attendees of the class to the CPR appropriation and decision making?

Author: ```suggestion
We recognize the existence of a Common Pool Resource bequeathed to us all by our students - their valuable time and attention and trust.  
The Steering Committee shall be synonymous with all co-instructors and all curriculum developers and all [How To Build a Commons](https://github.com/How-To-Build-a-Commons) owners. The Steering Committee shall use a consensus process to govern the classtime CPR.```

Author: @dnlr-p the above suggestion is my attempt to give my personal answer to https://github.com/How-To-Build-a-Commons/Scope-Sequencing/pull/2/files#r2314386845 for y'all's consideration.

Author: This element is intended to both lightly address your questions re relationship between learning community and appropriators, as well as codifying the relationship between individual appropriators and the curriculum. 
@dnlr-p what do you think?
```suggestion
We recognize the existence of Common Pool Resources bequeathed to us all by our learning community - our shared pedagogical time and collaborative curriculum, both sustained by the precious attention and trust our students provide.
```

## Scope & Sequencing
This repository hosts the Scope & Sequencing document for the How To Build a Commons curriculum

> ## Governance Structure of Steering Committee

Reviewer: "Steering Committee" seems work for now, but can be revised in the future.

Author: @madhephaestus do you have a preference? i'm not the biggest fan of "committee" on purely aesthetic grounds, but i have no alt that feels right. "Steering Cooperative" seems too jargony buzzword
